Meta 65 sip profiel 2 d en gigapixel (#27)
viaacode/documentation: docs/diginstroom/sip/1.0/usecases/gigapixel-artwork.md

|_Representation 1_| the access copy of the painting with frame |
|_Representation 2_| the access copy of the painting without frame |
|_Representation 3_| the first archive master: a high-resolution stitched representation in TIFF format |
|_Representation 4_| the second archive master: a high-resolution stitched representation in Adobe Photoshop Large Document Format |
|_Representation 5_| the second archive master: a high-resolution non-stitched representation|
|_Representation 6_| the calibration result|
|_Files (rep. 1)_|the TIFF file: `cf9j41p15z_overzichtsopname_metlijst_tiff.tiff`|
|_Files (rep. 2)_|the TIFF file: `cf9j41p15z_overzichtsopname_zonderlijst_tiff.tiff`|
|_Files (rep. 3)_|the TIFF file: `cf9j41p15z_stitch_bigtiff.tiff` |
|_Files (rep. 4)_|the PSB file: `cf9j41p15z_stitch_psb.psb`|
|_Files (rep. 5)_|the TIFF files: `cf9j41p15z_Kolom1_deelopname1_tiff.tiff`, `cf9j41p15z_Kolom1_deelopname2_tiff.tiff`, ..., `cf9j41p15z_Kolom5_deelopname6_tiff.tiff`|
|_Files (rep. 6)_|the TIFF file: `cf9j41p15z_target_tiff.tiff`|

This case relies on the 2D profile because:

- there is one IE and multiple representations;

> - the artwork can be described using a combination of DCTERMS and a Schema.org;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the artwork can be described using a combination of the [DCTERMS](https://www.dublincore.org/specifications/dublin-core/dcmi-terms/) and [Schema](schema.org/) metadata models;
```

Reviewer: Same comment as with the 2D usecase: perhaps this should be rephrased so that it is made clear that Schema is actually needed?

        |      |   └── dc.xml         
        |      └── preservation
        |          └── premis.xml
        |── representation_4       # composed stitch in PSB
        |   │── mets.xml
        |   |── data
        |   │   └── cf9j41p15z_stitch_psb.psb
        |   └──metadata
        |      |── descriptive   
        |      |   └── dc.xml         
        |      └── preservation
        |          └── premis.xml
        |── representation_5       # stitch 
        |   │── mets.xml
        |   |── data
        |   |   |── cf9j41p15z_Kolom1_deelopname1_tiff.tiff
        |   |   |── cf9j41p15z_Kolom1_deelopname2_tiff.tiff
        |   |   |── ...
        |   │   └── cf9j41p15z_Kolom5_deelopname6_tiff.tiff`
        |   └── metadata
        |       |── descriptive     
        |       |   └── dc.xml    
        |       └── preservation
        |           └── premis.xml
        └── representation_6       # target 
           │── mets.xml
           |── data
           │   └── cf9j41p15z_target_tiff.tiff
           └── metadata
               |── descriptive     
               |   └── dc.xml    
               └── preservation
                   └── premis.xml

```

## The metadata

> In total, the SIP contains 6 metadata files:

Reviewer: There are 14 metadata files in the directory overview just above?

|`data/metadata/descriptive/dc.xml`| Descriptive metadata about the IE residing at the _package level_ using the DCTERMS metadata schema. |
|`data/metadata/preservation/premis.xml`| Preservation metadata about the IE residing at the _package level_, including any PREMIS events related to the SIP/package/representations. |
|`data/representations/representation_*/metadata/preservation/premis.xml`| Preservation metadata about the representation and TIFF files residing at the _representation level_. |

### /data/metadata/descriptive/dc.xml

> The `dc.xml` of the package level describes the IE using [the DCTERMS metadata schema](https://www.dublincore.org/specifications/dublin-core/dcmi-terms/).

Reviewer: Same comment as with the 2D use case: I'm not really sure about the naming conventions of the descriptive metadata files.

> It contains minimal metadata such as a title, a description, an identifier, a date of creation and of issuance...

Reviewer: Perhaps the adjective 'minimal' should be dropped?

  <dcterms:subject xml:lang="nl">topstukken</dcterms:subject>
  <dcterms:subject xml:lang="nl">religie</dcterms:subject>
  <dcterms:subject xml:lang="nl">Christus</dcterms:subject>

  <!-- creator -->
  <dcterms:creator schema:roleName="auteur">
    Anoniem (Anoniem Leuvens Meester)
  </dcterms:creator>

  <!-- rights note -->
  <dcterms:rights xml:lang="en">public domain</dcterms:rights>

  <!-- dimensions -->
  <schema:height>
    <schema:value>123,4</schema:value>
    <schema:unitText>cm</schema:unitText>
    <schema:unitCode>CMT</schema:unitCode>
  </schema:height>
  <schema:width>
    <schema:value>125,6</schema:value>
    <schema:unitText>cm</schema:unitText>
    <schema:unitCode>CMT</schema:unitCode>
  </schema:width>
  <schema:artMedium xml:lang="nl">olieverf op doek</schema:artMedium>
  <schema:artMedium xml:lang="en">oil on canvas</schema:artMedium>
  <schema:artform xml:lang="en">painting</schema:artform>
  <schema:artform xml:lang="nl">schilderij</schema:artform>

</metadata>
```

### data/metadata/preservation/premis.xml

The `premis.xml` of the package level describes the IE and the relationships with its representations.

> It also contains a digitization event that details how the TIFF files were created and by who.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also contains a digitization event that details how the TIFF files were created and by whom.
```

> Note that the identifier in the `<premis:objectIdentifier>` element is shared with the `<dcterms:identifier/>` (in the `descriptive/dc.xml` file) and with the `<mods:identifier/>` (in the `descriptive/mods.xml` file) in order to link the PREMIS IE object to its descriptions in the two files.

Reviewer: There is no mods:identifier in this sample.

        </premis:linkingObjectIdentifier>
        <premis:linkingObjectIdentifier>
            <premis:linkingObjectIdentifierType>UUID</premis:linkingObjectIdentifierType>
            <premis:linkingObjectIdentifierValue>uuid-ddcf9e36-35ae-11ed-b866-7e92631d7d27</premis:linkingObjectIdentifierValue>
            <premis:linkingObjectRole valueURI="http://id.loc.gov/vocabulary/preservation/eventRelatedObjectRole/out">outcome</premis:linkingObjectRole>
        </premis:linkingObjectIdentifier>

    </premis:event>

    <premis:agent>
        <premis:agentIdentifier>
            <premis:agentIdentifierType>VIAA SP Agent ID</premis:agentIdentifierType>
            <premis:agentIdentifierValue>OR-319s272</premis:agentIdentifierValue>
        </premis:agentIdentifier>
        <premis:agentName>Rik Klein Gotink</premis:agentName>
        <premis:agentType>person</premis:agentType>
        <premis:agentExtension>
            <schema:affiliation>Rik Klein Gotink fotografie</schema:affiliation>
        </premis:agentExtension>
    </premis:agent>

</premis:premis>
```

> ### data/representations/representation_4/metadata/preservation/premis.xml

Reviewer: What about the premis.xml of representation 1-3?

Reviewer: I see now that you add that the premis.xml of the other representations is similar. Any reason why you pick out representation 4 as an example instead of just representation 1?

        </premis:formatRegistry>
        <premis:formatNote></premis:formatNote>
      </premis:format>
    </premis:objectCharacteristics>

    <premis:originalName>cf9j41p15z_stitch_psb</premis:originalName>

    <!-- relationship between file and its representation -->
    <premis:relationship>
      <premis:relationshipType authority="relationshipType" authorityURI="http://id.loc.gov/vocabulary/preservation/relationshipType" valueURI="http://id.loc.gov/vocabulary/preservation/relationshipType/str">structural</premis:relationshipType>
      <premis:relationshipSubType authority="relationshipSubType" authorityURI="http://id.loc.gov/vocabulary/preservation/relationshipSubType" valueURI="http://id.loc.gov/vocabulary/preservation/relationshipSubType/isi">is included in</premis:relationshipSubType>
      <premis:relatedObjectIdentifier>
        <premis:relatedObjectIdentifierType>UUID</premis:relatedObjectIdentifierType>
        <premis:relatedObjectIdentifierValue>uuid-70dd6ae0-37fe-11ed-9b20-7e92631d7d28</premis:relatedObjectIdentifierValue>
      </premis:relatedObjectIdentifier>
    </premis:relationship>

  </premis:object>

</premis:premis>
```

> The folders of representation 1, 2, 3, and 5 have a identical structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `premis.xml` file of representation 1, 2, 3, and 5 have an identical structure.
```

> The folders of representation 1, 2, 3, and 5 have a identical structure.

Reviewer: If representation 5 has an identical structure, why do you add a separate heading and example for it below?

> ### data/representations/representation_4/metadata/preservation/premis.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### data/representations/representation_5/metadata/preservation/premis.xml
```
